---
title: An embrace of uncertainty
permalink: /one
---

## An embrace of uncertainty

*June 21, 2021*

It's harder to start blogging than you may think - at least, if you're anything like me.

Weeks, maybe months, have gone by as I've continually circumnavigated my actual priorities. Round and round and round again - excessive planning is a surprisingly good way to procrastinate! It's a tricky, subtle manifestation of perfectionism, that age-old foe.

This has gone on long enough, though, and I'm now set on breaking the pattern. An opportunity has arisen, a wave of clarity that's illuminated my mistake: any pursuit of The Perfect Plan is without end, and more self-inquiry, a usual problem-solving habit of mine, feels like another way of dodging what needs to be done. 

I *could* look within - inquiring into my shadows tends to be fruitful. I'm sure a look at childhood experiences of self-expression bluntly quashed and judged would shine some light on the situation. Yet I realize: some-times a task does need the gentle hand, yes, but others call for action less akin to a stroll in the woods. 

I'm sensing it's the courageous charge onwards that's needed to clear this hurdle. I've spent plenty of time gently easing through troubles, staying on-course and a-float, and it's been productive. But not all problems are solved this way, and continually replanning is not going to do the trick. 

This clicked into place: I *can't* plan it all out, and *that's totally okay*. There's really no such thing as completion. Only pins we stab into an onflowing tapestry to try and say "*There! That's it! We Have Arrived!*"

Believe me, I'm plenty fond of pinning things down. It certainly plays a part in life, us being the organizers that we are. 

But that's not the whole game. So much of life is like navigating a dense, endless forest. You can't really see that far ahead, and while occasional vantage points may allow you to plan stretches of your journey, it's at least as important to be able to move adapatively, one step at a time, through the actual terrain of experience.

It's this other side of the coin which now feels so important to attend to - the side which says *embrace uncertainty; choose to trust*. 

What comes next? What do I want to do with this place? What stories do I have to tell? I don't totally know, and that's okay.  

I'll take one step at a time, simply giving my best to steward this unfolding.


